okay i want to show you how to obtain
free things in outbreak file to an
outbreak one first goes to collection
then go to collection okay so see I have
that many points and that cost about
that may points check this out I'm going
to go to costume at the NPC's say okay I
want this NPC and I want and I want that
MPC well that's 1,000 and that's 1,000
what am I going to do they're both 1,000
I have to play the outbreak some more
and you know lock it but i wanna play
outbreak anymore so I'm going to do I'm
going to purchase this I'm going to then
remove my memory card now I'm going to
back out
see and hit yes quit without quit
without saving go to collection put your
memory card in go to data convert and
transfer outbreak file to the outbreak
file one or you know I'll bet going
think it's called saawan European Europe
okay it's been saved and now we're going
to reset the ps2
okay now go to collection and data
convert then we take outbreak 12
outbreak to
click collection and we look at that I
have the raccoon citizens and I have the
same amount result points and that is
free stuff in outbreak